hello welcome to sony scapa ex I
am sign and today we are going
make cupcake basics at
chocolate we will start with dubillard
bar well words we will beat for it
become creamy
then add the caster sugar
low word bad do not forget to use
all your bin when you use the
electric drummer and it's very
important to mix the whole butter
and sugar
until it's very white and
very cremant
now that it's white and
cream hours we will add eggs a
one must beat between each cif
and you really have to mix
homogeneous and thick now I add
the second
now is in the final we will add
the flour the cocoa and the valley I
add the valley in progress small tip
mix the flour and cocoa with a
whip for not having a job I
add the flour in one go and
I will not mix a lot because
do not have hard capex on
wants caps that much better
governance and all have finished mixing
by hand now we are ready to
fill paper boxes
of course you do not have to
to use a porsche and a soft for
fill in but who knows you can also
use a teaspoon there is no left
more than the unpopular only to the
half of it only remains
bake at 200 degrees in a well oven
warmed up after eleven minutes the
critics this chocolate are ready it takes
just cool them and decorate them and
to perfect his twelve cupcakes at
chocolate do not forget you need
125 g of soft butter 125 g of sugar
semolina 80 g flour 40 g cocoa
five oars minus half a pack of
baker's yeast 2 brothers is a small
little vanilla